Oh yeah, Kasumi said she was posting on the
“Let’s Write a Novel” site.
Let’s read a little.
Hmm, so the main character lives in an underwater world...
I like this scene where the character meets the girl on land!
I’m so excited! Someone named tanuki07 said,
“This setting is nice!”
It has a great reputation.
Kasumi, you're amazing.
Today, I think I’ll read some of the others.
Oh, this is tanuki07, who commented
on Kasumi’s novel the other day.
I see you wrote it yourself – I’ll have a read!
Hmm, I feel like I’ve read this somewhere before.
This looks just like Kasumi’s!
It’s set in a world underwater, and the main character
falls in love with a girl on land...
Oh, this isn’t good...
I found this last night.
Is this a rip-off of Kasumi’s novel?
It certainly looks exactly like Kasumi’s novel. That’s terrible.
Exactly.
What are you angry about? What’s wrong?
Kasumi, this involves you.
What? What do you mean?
This is it. Kasumi’s novel has been ripped off!
Ah, that... I was aware of it, too, but I didn’t think
there was anything I could do about it.
What do you mean?
The world under the water, where a guy who “meets” a girl
on land and falls in love with her,
is just a setting and an idea. There’s no copyright on them.
Also, the girls’ personalities are different,
and what happens after they meet is entirely different,
so I can’t judge how much is the same.
However, there are some parts
where I’m a bit concerned about the wording.
Hmm...